all right can we spice it up I really
want to choose this game I'm just
failing at this game okay okay good plan
good job coldwater music my aim thank
you
Oh a starcraft ii fin there whatever it
guys I don't really give a fuck if the
clan is gonna fucking freak out whatever
about p.m. or whatever it's not a team I
want to be in I already sound like they
have too many drama problem fire join
any team honest I've had a choice
probably be rude ritas a lot of good
people like practices and I wouldn't
feel like total fucking noob on that
team
Oh
slag me too much fuck you too you have
to be good in order to be in route I can
hold my own against Kenny root member
who who all's in route do douro cats
minigun there's none of those guys which
is flat-out stomping I don't I've never
gotten to play against you at sea before
I can at least put up good games against
here leavin I can't beat him hey good
job
meaning dude